Tam, what are you beating me for?
Yeah, you're third.
She is my future pregnant woman.
What did you hit him for?
You're so brave.
Even Master Qin dared to bully
Do you know that Qin Shao is the brother of the Tiger Family?
Master Qi is really sorry, I didn t know that your Senge bowed to him.
Is he really the brother of the tiger?
God, I just made fun of him.
People who don't know are innocent.
Say thank you to Master Qin
Master Qin, these two dare to insult you.
What to do?
Yes.
Master Qin, I'm really obsessed.
Just to stop his bullshit.
I insulted you.
Your adults don't remember the little ones.
Please forgive me this time for the sake of my daughter.